PG-2312 - Reorganize Docker installation instructions (#957)
percona/postgresql-docs: docs/docker/docker.md

# Run Percona Distribution for PostgreSQL in a Docker container

Docker images of Percona Distribution for PostgreSQL are hosted publicly on [Docker Hub :octicons-link-external-16:](https://hub.docker.com/r/percona/percona-distribution-postgresql/).

For more information about using Docker, see the [Docker Docs :octicons-link-external-16:](https://docs.docker.com/).

!!! note

    Make sure that you are using [the latest version of Docker :octicons-link-external-16:](https://docs.docker.com/get-docker/). The ones provided via `apt` and `yum` may be outdated and cause errors.

    By default, Docker pulls the image from Docker Hub if it is not available locally.

## 1. Start the container {.power-number}

Start a Percona Distribution for PostgreSQL container as follows:

```{.bash data-prompt="$"}
docker run --name container-name -e POSTGRES_PASSWORD=secret -d percona/percona-distribution-postgresql:{{dockertag}}
```

Where:

* `container-name` is the name you assign to your container
* `POSTGRES_PASSWORD` is the superuser password 

> * `{{dockertag}}` is the tag specifying the version you need. Docker identifies the architecture (x86_64 or ARM64) and pulls the respective image. See the [full list of tags :octicons-link-external-16:](https://hub.docker.com/r/percona/percona-distribution-postgresql/tags/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `{{dockertag}}` is the tag specifying the version you need. Docker identifies the architecture (amd64 or arm64) and pulls the respective image. See the [full list of tags :octicons-link-external-16:](https://hub.docker.com/r/percona/percona-distribution-postgresql/tags/).
```

Perhaps we could use the same arch identifiers as appear in docker hub.

Author: Thank you! Updated.

!!! note

>     Some extensions require server startup configuration and must be loaded via `shared_preload_libraries` before PostgreSQL starts.

Reviewer: I don't think this is a good location for this note. The reader still has no context about extensions at this point.
Also, I probably would not put this inside a note and would make it part of the first paragraph of section 2.

Author: Moved out of the note and added it in the intro of 2.

!!! tip

    You can secure the password by exporting it to the environment file and using that to start the container.

    1. Export the password to the environment file:    

        ```{.bash data-prompt="$"}
        echo "POSTGRES_PASSWORD=secret" > .my-pg.env
        ```     

    2. Start the container:       

        ```{.bash data-prompt="$"}
        docker run --name container-name --env-file ./.my-pg.env -d percona/percona-distribution-postgresql:{{dockertag}}
        ```

> ## 2. Enable extensions

Reviewer: Maybe before going into extensions, it would be nice to show how to connect to the server using the postgresql client `psql`. Similar to what we have in the current documentation.

Author: Added a connect step in 2.2 with the proper command to connect to psql, basically the user to start the container, then connect to psql, and then CREATE EXTENSION.

> Extensions must be explicitly loaded when starting the container using the `shared_preload_libraries` parameter, then enabled per database:

Reviewer: Not all extensions require to be set using `shared_preload_libraries` . I would use the above note text here to motivate the need of using the `shared_preload_libraries`.

Author: Done, thank you!
